java c FINS5514: Capital Budgeting and Financial Decisions T3 2024 – Final Exam (50% of Total Marks) Date: Saturday, 23 November 2024 Starting time: 2 p.m. AEDT Mode: Online Exam on McGraw-Hill Connect Exam Duration: 2 hours Reading time: 10 minutes Number of attempts: 1 attempt Weight: 50% of the overall grade Coverage: All materials covered from weeks 1 to 10 are examinable. Format of the test: 37 questions (total 50 marks) which will comprise of a mix of theory and calculation questions. Instructions • Final exam will be open book and will be conducted on Mc-Graw Hill Connect. You must access MH Connect using the direct link in Moodle. All students are required to finish the exam independently. • University policy prohibit any contact between the lecturers and students during the test. The lecturers are not allowed to intervene, e.g. extra time etc. during the test. Please follow the 4-Step instructions if you experience major technical issues. Supplementary exam will only be provided to students whose special consideration applications are approved by the university’s special consideration unit. • This exam cannot be copied, forwarded, or shared in any way. • The exam will appear in Assessment Hub section on Moodle. However, the assessment will be locked, meaning you will not be able to start the assessment before 2 pm. • All students must begin the Final exam at 2 pm AEDT. The exam will be automatically closed after 2 hours from your start time or at 4:10 pm AEDT, whichever comes first. • You MUST agree to the student declaration on Moodle and submit it before attempting the Online Assessment. This is a 1 question assignment asking you to agree to the declaration. I suggest you submit the declaration before the assessment start time. • A Trial Quiz is available on Moodle for the purpose of device set up only. You are required to set up your device properly before the assessment and to resolve minor technical issues quickly. Please check Assessment checklist - Before taking the Assessment to ensure your device is set up properly. Please close all other webpages, enable popup blocker, set date and time automatically (Go to Date and Time Setting >> Date time and Time zone), clear cache file and browsing data (make sure all time is selected) https://clear-my-cache.com/detect.html. You will need to disable VPN. • It is recommended use Chrome browser to access the exam. Check your system setup via https://mhedu.force.com/CXG/s/CheckSystemInfo • If you have ever experienced "Waiting for connect.mheducation.com message" error, please check this link for setup and troubleshootinghttps://mhedu.force.com/CXG/s/article/Waiting-for-connect- mheducation-com • You are allowed to use calculators and Excel during the exam. • You will not be able to copy/paste any information during the exam. Your computer’s clipboard will be disabled during the quiz. Access to other webpages will be disabled during the exam. Opening other webpages during the exam will likely cause losing access to the assessment. You may also want to close all other programs to avoid interference. • Proctorio Support is availablehttps://proctorio.com/support • Students are required to use the trial quiz to set up their device properly before the assessments and resolve technical issues with the best efforts. If you encounter major technical issues during the assessment, you should take the following 4 steps: Step 1: Take photos of as many of the following as possible: • error messages • screen not loading<代 写FINS5514: Capital Budgeting and Financial Decisions T3 2024 – Final ExamPython 代做程序编程语言br>• timestamped speed tests • power outage maps • messages or information from your internet provider regarding the issues experienced All screenshots must include the date and time the issue occurred. Step 2: Contact Connect Support immediately for help. Keep a record of communication with the Connect Support (e.g. email communications, evidence that the issue cannot be resolved). Via chat or email https://mhedu.force.com/CXG/s/ContactUs Via Phone: Asia, Australia and New Zealand, Europe, Middle East and Africa Phone:+800-881-39190 US and Canada Phone:+800-3311-5094 India Phone:+800-919-0301(000-800-919-0301) For IT issues such as Moodle log in, hardware/software, wi-fi access, etc., students should contact the UNSW IT Service Centre. Email:[email protected] Phone: Internal to UNSW: x51333 Within Australia: (02) 9385 1333 International: +612 9385 1333 Support hours: Monday–Friday, 8.00am–8.00pm; Saturdays 11am to 3pm For Moodle issues, students should contact External TELT Support: Email:[email protected] Phone: Internal to UNSW: x53331 Within Australia: (02) 9385 3331 International: +612 9385 3331 Support hours: Monday-Friday 8:00am-10:00pm; Saturdays-Sundays 9:00am-5:00pm Step 3: To keep a record, please report the issue to the TA Yutong Sun via email yutong.sun2@unsw.edu.au with email subject as "FINS5514 - technical issue during Final Exam” to advise that you are experiencing a technical issue within 15 minutes from the start of the exam or within 15 minutes when the issue occurred. The TA will not be able to provide technical support. Please contact Connect Support and/or Proctorio Support to resolve technical issues. Step 4: Submit a Special Consideration application (major technical issues resulting in a lost exam time of a minimum of 20 minutes) immediately at the conclusion of your assessment with screenshots and all the information including communication records in step 1 to 3 and evidence that you have set up your device using the trial quiz before the assessment. Information regarding special considerations is available at:https://student.unsw.edu.au/special-considerationPlease read the policy carefully for eligibility and application procedure. The decision will be made by the UNSW special consideration unit. Further information • The questions on the exam will be of varying levels of difficulty. Please review the material carefully and make sure you understand all the concepts. • • The exam will consist of 33 questions. You will be able to go back to previous questions during the assessment. Exam Tips • Review each concept thoroughly and solve the practice questions without looking at the solution.This gives you a better idea about your preparedness and common mistakes you may be making. • Prepare a reference sheet while reviewing the material for the exam. Reference sheet could be a 1–2 page concise summary of the important/exam relevant material from the course for quick reference. This may include formulae, important rules etc. With timed exam, having to look through the material to solve a problem eats up from the critical time to work on the problems. A reference sheet is much faster to refer to during the exam than looking through the book and other lecture material. • Key to performing well on the open book assessments is to have a very good understanding of allthe concepts and not really needing to open the books during the assessment. Prepare for the open book exam as you would for a closed book exam with some reference sheet help.

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
